project by:
James Carpenter
Tyler Cox
Alan Johnson
Jaime Gudino


Our project is a tower defense game. the goal is to survive 20 waves of bugs
you get money every time you kill a bug and with enough money you can place a cat to kill more bugs

This was made in Unreal Engine 5.1.1 mainly using c++ scripts however some instances of Blueprint was used for things like graphical implementation with the UI and visiuals throughout our game.

Please excuse the names for our things such as the map name and the project name as this version was not supposed to be the one that we turn in, but late in development the other version stopped functioning which forced us to move to another version which was one created with funny titles rather than serious ones. However our class files are named appropriately to what we were meaning to show. 

If you were to open up this game in UnrealEngine and test it for yourself be advised that occasionally the blueprints and their parent class desync. The solution to this is to compile the project, restart the project, then compile it again. This usually will fix the issue if you encounter it. 
If you are trying to test it for yourself when you open it go into content, then maps and select the "whateverIWant" map file. So that it load the correct level for you to play on.

In order to review our code you'll have to navigate to the "Source" folder and then the "ugh" folder. 
We wrote everything except "ughGameModeBase" which was written by unreal automatically. 

When you download this, make you add all of the following folders into the "Content" folder.
"Blueprints" "c++ leaderboard" "Collections" "Developers" "EpicLeaderboard" "heathbars" "maps" "Megascans" "MSPresets" "Platforms" "spawner" "texture"

Due to issues with github and other such programs, when you open up the file, make sure to build the solution first as the files that are created through building the solution are too big to be sent through things like github or canvas.


The tasks were delegated as such

James Carenter - Towers
Tyler Cox - Enemies
Alan Johnson - Graphics 
Jaime Gudino - Networking 

While we shared overlap in some aspects, these were our base delegated roles. 

VIDEO SHOWCASE: https://youtu.be/twncn_s1XM4
